Add To-do due date/time and description service calls (#29900)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/todo.markdown

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description | Example |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------|
| `item` | no | the name of the to-do Item. | Submit income tax return
| `due_date` | yes | The date the to-do item is expected to be completed. | 2024-04-10
| `due_datetime` | yes | The date and time the to-do item is expected to be completed. | 2024-04-10 23:00:00
| `description` | yes | A more complete description than the one provided by the summary | Collect all necessary documents and submit the final return.

> Only one of `due_date` or `due_date_time` may be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only one of `due_date` or `due_datetime` may be specified.
```

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description | Example |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------|
| `item` | no | the name of the to-do Item. | Submit income tax return
| `due_date` | yes | The date the to-do item is expected to be completed. | 2024-04-10

> | `due_date_time` | yes | The date and time the to-do item is expected to be completed. | 2024-04-10 23:00:00

Reviewer: Hmm, now that I read this I'm thinking it should be `due_datetime` instead. Is there a reason to write it `date_time` instead of `datetime`?

Reviewer 2: Or just `due`?

Reviewer: Sure, but that's more than a name change.

Author: The rationale for the current name is only to match the convention of https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/google/#service-googlecreate_event -- I don't have a preference.

Author: To elaborate -- i totally know what you are talking about here, and was thinking about this when adding it.

"due_datetime" would be the way to name this to make it like a python name. 

 "due_date" and "due_date_time" seemed to be reasonable from a user perspective so i went with that name given it was that style in calendar.

(What i'd really love is "due" with a  combined date or date time selector)

Happy to adjust if there are already conventions or preferences.

Reviewer 2: Hmz I see your point, just `due` (combined) won't work because of selectors, so that makes total sense.

I'm personally in the middle if it boils down to `date_time` vs `datetime`, although from a consistency perspective:

<https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/datetime/>

Reviewer 3: for context: there are currently 11 files in the docs that use `date_time`, and 107 that mention `datetime` (over 400 occurrences).

Reviewer: We decided to go ahead with the rename. The google calendar parameter should probably be renamed too at some point, but that'll be a breaking change.

> | `due_date_time` | yes | The date and time the to-do item is expected to be completed. | 2024-04-10 23:00:00

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `due_datetime` | yes | The date and time the to-do item is expected to be completed. | 2024-04-10 23:00:00
```

> | `description` | yes | A more complete description of than that provided by the summary | Collect all necessary documents and submit the final return

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `description` | yes | A more complete description than the one provided by the summary | Collect all necessary documents and submit the final return.
```

target:
  entity_id: todo.personal_tasks
data:
  item: "Submit Income Tax Return"
  due_date: "2024-04-10"
  description: "Collect all necessary documents and submit the final return."

### Service `todo.update_item`

Update a to-do item. A to-do list `target` is selected with a [Target Selector](/docs/blueprint/selectors/#target-selector) and the `data` payload supports the following fields:

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description | Example |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- | --------|
| `item` | no | The name of the to-do Item to update. | Submit income tax return
| `rename` | yes | The new name of the to-do Item. | Something else
| `status` | yes | The overall status of the To-do Item. |  `needs_action` or `completed`
| `due_date` | yes | The date the to-do item is expected to be completed. | 2024-04-10
| `due_datetime` | yes | The date and time the to-do item is expected to be completed. | 2024-04-10 23:00:00
| `description` | yes | A more complete description than the one provided by the summary. | Collect all necessary documents and submit the final return.

> At least one of `rename` or `status` is required. Only one of `due_date` or `due_date_time` may be specified. This is a full example of a service call that updates the status and the name of a to-do item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At least one of `rename` or `status` is required. Only one of `due_date` or `due_datetime` may be specified. This is a full example of a service call that updates the status and the name of a to-do item.
```

  entity_id: todo.personal_tasks
data:
  item: "Submit Income Tax Return"
  due_date: "2024-04-10"

>   description: "Collect all necessary documents and submit the final return"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  description: "Collect all necessary documents and submit the final return."
```

| `item` | no | The name of the to-do Item to update. | Submit income tax return
| `rename` | yes | The new name of the to-do Item. | Something else
| `status` | yes | The overall status of the To-do Item. |  `needs_action` or `completed`
| `due_date` | yes | The date the to-do item is expected to be completed. | 2024-04-10

> | `due_date_time` | yes | The date and time the to-do item is expected to be completed. | 2024-04-10 23:00:00

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `due_datetime` | yes | The date and time the to-do item is expected to be completed. | 2024-04-10 23:00:00
```

> | `description` | yes | A more complete description of than that provided by the summary | Collect all necessary documents and submit the final return

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `description` | yes | A more complete description than the one provided by the summary. | Collect all necessary documents and submit the final return.
```

> At least one of `rename` or `status` is required. Only one of `due_date` or `due_date_time` may be specified. This is a full example of a service call that updates the status and the name of a to-do Item.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At least one of `rename` or `status` is required. Only one of `due_date` or `due_date_time` may be specified. This is a full example of a service call that updates the status and the name of a to-do item.
```
